So there's two things here. One is, I just want to send a shout out to wheat that the reason it's considered a rotation crop is by adding it, you do get benefits to your corn and beans. So just putting it out there. But also, Marika, and that's more of what we're tackling today is of course, it does respond to management. So you've outlined maybe some of the things that we know that the year after year, especially with something like the Yen Project, we see that come through. But what about for those growers that, you know, are paying attention to their planting date, maybe have adjusted it, they know about sulfur, what else could they focus on to really push this crop? Yeah, and I think that too, like I had the opportunity to go to the UK last spring and meet some really amazing growers. probably you have boots on the ground already if you're managing your wheat crop more intensively, but dial in even further. Like there's a big difference between growth stage 31 and 32. We're going to get more bang for our buck out of that fungicide if we push it a little bit later. And I know a lot of folks are even thinking about does three passes of fungicide matter? And sometimes it can. In a heavy stripe rust environment, yes it can. In a heavy powdery mildew environment, yes I really believe that it can. I think to some folks that are managing more intensively, they think, I'll just put that cheap fungicide on, that one mode of action product at that T1. But again, I'm a big believer in that Cadillac, that Miravis Neo at that T1 timing because... It was actually SWAC two years ago, Dr. Dave Hooker talked about your crop growth rate. And I was gonna say this earlier, one thing I'm also doing right now is I'm training for an endurance mountain bike race. And I was kind of thinking that the actual race day is like the grain fill period for your wheat crop. So what you do, like in, you know, for that t3 timing matters but what you do before then matters even more. Like my training like if I don't build that muscle biomass leading up to that day like I am not going to survive that race. And so I think you know for intensive growers thinking a lot more of what you're doing up till that grain fill period matters because if we can maximize that grain fill period one more day of grain fill can be three or four more bushels and obviously that matters.